hello there so in this video I'm going
to teach you how to do a soft set at
least that's what I call it you may know
this hairstyle from the late seventies
early eighties soap operas it's kind of
straight with big curls at the end and
if you know who Debra Jo Fondren is
that's the look we're going for if you
don't know who Debra Jo Fondren is you
can google her although make sure there
aren't little eyes because I should just
read for a Playboy back in the day still
some of the prettiest hair I've ever
seen anyway what you're going to need is
a comb your perm papers from the end cuz
we're one for curl stop rollers that's
what I use but if you made rag curls
same thing and then some type of hair
product gel mousse whatever you like
this was my favorite it's finesse
touchable moves it was the best thing
ever they quit making it when I went
because there's like nut in there so I
went to get more I've had this mousse
for a very long time years because you
know I don't use a lot of product on my
hair yeah they quit making it just like
they quit making everything than I like
apparently so
I got some Herbal Essences curl boosting
mousse it doesn't work as well it's a
little crunchy but she's annoying so if
any of you know of a mousse out there
that's not crunchy please send me a
message and let me know because I'd
really like to find a nice one alright
so I took a shower earlier and then just
bugged my hair well it was too wet but
it's been a few hours so it should be
well it's still it but this parts dry
which is what we're going for
so just learn where your natural part is
that's where you're going to want to
part your hair just so our curls won't
be disturbed when we take it down like
so
and this is a really easy way it's not
all over curls I might do that for you
one day but it's kind of a pain in the
butt to brush out you know once you're
done with them so I'm just gonna run a
comb through real quick what have any
tangles or snarls no there aren't many
cuz I did throw in a bun already so I
part my hair a little bit to the right
just because that's where my natural
part is but you know it works just as
well down the center or whichever and
it's basically gonna be three to four
curls curlers on each side
you don't want real small sections of
hair because we're kind of going for for
bigger curls at the bottom so it looks
softer and not quite so so stiff so you
get section and twist whichever way you
like I twist mine in all different
directions so I have more body movement
so you twist down and then a little bit
of mousse a little bit you don't need a
lot just to the ends because if your
hands are like mine they don't hold as
well as other parts of your hair and
then you just when I drop my mousse just
kind of squish it on your ends there and
then we're going to take our paper which
as you know from my other video it's
just little squares of tissue paper
already pre-cut
slide it to the end what this does is it
prevents the ends of your hair from
snagging around your curlers because
anybody who's ever used soft curlers or
an curlers you know sometimes the little
ribbons at the end get stuck and it's
not pleasant and then there's breakage
in tears so that's what we do it
protects the ends of her hair every
little bit helps
alright no I just roll it this side
doesn't not want to participate at all
up to about my chin that's all the
higher I go I don't look clear puts out
my head because I want this to be mostly
straight um as you'll see when we're all
finished already so I'm gonna go ahead
and set the rest and the really nice
thing to do is like this one I twirl
that way so the next one I'll twirl this
way so I get more movement alrighty and
I will see you in a minute and Shea what
it looks like when it's all up okay so
I'm back and we're almost done on the
last one I ended up using 8 curlers
total kind of four on each side because
that's what my hair felt like today you
can use more of course but then your
curls at the Anne tend to be a little
tighter of course if your hair is longer
than mine you might have to just because
these little crows are only hold you
know so much hair and still be able to
close them so you know that's that's
what you get I should probably make
myself some bigger ones but baby
alright so this is what we're working
with for now beautiful I know you know
three Ola it's about sexy do but this is
we're going to sleep this way there
that way it has overnight to dry and you
may be thinking that looks really
impossible to sleep on but it's not
since we only have them up so far
they're fairly easy to move so you can
lay your head down if you actually sleep
on your back they separate nicely in the
back so it is actually comfortable to
sleep in when you go whole hog and wrap
them all the way up to your head a
little more difficult
you need a real squishy pillow but hairy
arse a farm and I will see you actually
transition they take down so you can see
what our results are
alrighty scenic although again it's the
next day which I know is only a second
for you but you know I was an evening
for me and we are ready for the takedown
as you can see they hold up pretty well
a little scruffy during sleep but that's
because I toss and turn so basically all
you want to do is pull them out I don't
know that there's really a technique I
usually just pull it straight and then
do that number you slide it off look at
all that curl thanks huh
that's why these work better than pretty
much anything else I love hot rollers I
love the concept of hot rollers you know
and 30 minutes you have curls and if
your hair is shorter or not as thick
then that's so mine however curls
immediately after takedown and then in
about 10 minutes it's flat again that's
just you know the way my hair is so
these are definitely better option and
as you see they spy write-offs because
of those little papers